"Blessed one, that is a perfect teacher. Perfect teacher. He had asked later, once, 'Blessed one in
Tibet. Tibet is a Chomninde, in Sanskrit it is. It is a Bhagavadhi. Bhagavadhi. No, not Bhagavadhi,
Bhagavan. Bhagavadhi is for the female and Bhagavan is male and this time Bhagavatamuni is male and
therefore Bhagavan is."
And when you look to the Chomninde, Chomninde, Chomninde, Chomninde, that Bhagavadhi, Bhagavan,
sorry, Bhagavan translated in those great translators in 8th century into Chomninde.
Here you look in the Tibetan word, in the Chomninde, it is a blessed one, I think, but that must
have meaning to you. We translated this and we followed with other, those translators, how they
translated that, so use the blessed word, that which is also popular in this country or the English
speaking word, word, word, that's what we use.
But blessed one, this Chomninde, Chomninde, there is three words. What is Chomninde? Chom means
destroyed. Destroyed. Then means inherited.
They is beyond. What is now destroyed? What is existing? And what is, is, is beyond?
First is, is destroyed. What is destroyed? Poor demons, that many of you know, poor demons. Demon
of the aggregates, demon of the dead, demon of the like, like, Chomninde, Chomninde and demon of,
what did I say, the aggregate?
Yes. Demon of aggregate, demon of the dead, and demon of the emotions, negative emotions, and the
demon of the distractions.
These four demons are. And demon of the, this demon of the aggregate means what? Aggregate takes
particularly, for example, our aggregates, takes so much time.
It really takes so much time. And most of all things we are spending for these aggregates all our
times. And we are so grasping. We are so clinging.
So that grasping, clinging of that to aggregate so strongly is like demons, demons. And then these
demons, that aggregate that we so attract in, so kind of held so close to our heart, then it will
also be destroyed by the demon of death.
Demon of death is one who is destroying that precious life, that one who is real, which cares so
much. So therefore, it is also another form of the grasp.
Then demon of the emotions, that is always, demon of emotion, negative emotion is encompassed, all
three demons encompassed. And that is then all the negativity.
Start with grasping, then with ego clinging, and then all the negative emotions, all five or three,
whatever. All that emotion. It is constantly controlling everything.
And the fourth one is destructions. Destructions. And destructions is then, many times, we miss the
points. For example, those practitioners in the teaching said that those practitioners, at the
beginning time, they started so intelligently,
they said, delegates, with joy, with some degree of excitement, loonging, yearning, really
practicing. And then some degree, you got some good result, good achievements.
When you're good at achievements, and then what obstacles will come? The demon of the distractions.
Then kind of become, oh, now I've got good realization, I've got good achievements.
And the purpose of that, people are also nice, nice to know, they're saying I'm gay and that and
that. And then you're also claiming that, what people say, almost you're lined up.
And then, that at the beginning of the, then, more destructions, more difficulties, troubles, we
can lose the identities, identities of the rapture.
Loose. That is known as demon of the destructions. These four demons is the best upon the negative
emotions, for all that control.
But these four demons, Buddha destroyed. Buddha destroyed, complete that four demons, destroyed,
removed, claimed with.
And then, because of that, because of that, then Buddha has this, I translated, I think, then, Jung
Din, then, then means possessive, possessive or heaven.
Buddha has six great qualities, or the enlightenment has six great qualities.
And the first is, Buddha is, oh, so six of these, I will list the four, six of those.
And the very magistice, Buddha is very magistice, all very powerful, ever used, powerful.
Second is very beautiful. And then, what the God is. And then, third is very glorious, glorious,
and very beautiful.
And the next one is the fourth one, I think. The fourth one is very renowned of the good, good,
good goodness, the renowned ones.
Then Buddha has great westerns. The fifth is westerns.
And then, sixth is, Buddha is never going to miss the opportunities, or kind of ignore.
Buddha is not under the laziness, or under the control of the laziness, always alert,
always in a vigilant, not in a sense of the forceful, but always aware, for those reasons in the
teaching said word.
Buddha sees, sees everything, past and present and future. Whoever having suffering, whoever having
happiness, whoever needs protection,
whoever needs guidance, always sees. And we see Buddha never missed the opportunity.
S, use the example, S, tide of oceans. Tide of ocean is, according to the teaching, will come on
the tide, exactly on the tide.
As needed, Buddha's activity is like tide of ocean, exactly on the tide, on the tides.
That's why, for example, for example, Angulamala, when he killed 999 people, the last one he's
going to kill, Buddha is right there.
That is really his time to protect him. So those are the examples.
That's how Buddha is. Six qualities, a ten. And they mean, because of this realization,
because it's wisdom and compassion, Buddha is beyond Samsara and beyond Hinayana Naranas.
Buddha is beyond, from that, beyond that. That is the whole meaning of the Chiong-Din day.
And that is the description of the perfect teaching, perfect teaching.